README:

# Docubot Configuration

This file exports a function that returns an object with configuration options for Docubot, a documentation bot.

## Installation

This file requires the Node.js runtime environment to be installed on your machine. You can install it from the [official website](https://nodejs.org/en/).

## Usage

To use this file, require it in your code:

```javascript
const config = require('./docubot-config');
```

Then call the function with the base path of your code:

```javascript
const options = config('/path/to/your/code');
```

The `options` object will contain the following properties:

- `codeBasePath`: the base path of your code.
- `pineconeIndexName`: the name of the Pinecone index to use for Docubot.
- `pineconeNamespace`: the namespace of the Pinecone index to use for Docubot.
- `docubotDirectoryName`: the name of the directory where Docubot files are stored.
- `docubotDirectory`: the path to the directory where Docubot files are stored.
- `markdownDirectory`: the path to the directory where Markdown files are stored.
- `promptsFilePath`: the path to the file where Docubot prompts are stored.
- `templateFilePath`: the path to the file where Docubot templates are stored.
- `packageJsonPath`: the path to the `package.json` file of your code.
- `invalidPaths`: an array of paths that should be ignored by Docubot.
- `invalidFileTypes`: an array of file types that should be ignored by Docubot.
- `invalidFileNames`: an array of file names that should be ignored by Docubot.
- `fileTypes`: an object that defines the file types that Docubot should handle. Each file type is defined by an object with the following properties:
  - `fileTypes`: an array of file extensions that should be handled by Docubot.
  - `skipCompletion`: a boolean that indicates whether Docubot should skip the completion step for this file type.
  - `pathIncludes`: an array of paths that should be included for this file type.
  - `prompt`: the name of the prompt file for this file type.
  - `template`: the name of the template file for this file type.

## Template

The `template` property of each file type is a Markdown file that should contain the following sections:

- `Heading`: the main heading of the documentation.
- `Summary`: a brief summary of the documentation.
- `Any other subheadings for grouped content`: any other subheadings that can summarize the section.
- `Code example`: a code example that illustrates the documentation.
- `Related files`: a list of related files that are referenced in the documentation.
- `List of questions that could be asked that the contents of this document could be a resource for developers`: a list of questions that the documentation can answer.

## Contributing

If you want to contribute to this file, please submit a pull request on GitHub.